Start EB (#504)
AMReX-Codes/pyamrex: docs/source/usage/api.rst

.. autoclass:: amrex.space3d.Particle_2_1
   :members:
   :undoc-members:

.. _usage-api-eb:

Embedded Boundaries
-------------------

> Embedded boundary (EB) support is still experimental. To build pyAMReX with

Reviewer: Although we use EBs in WarpX very well with Python... Maybe one can skip the first sentence completely or rephrase to:
```suggestion
Embedded boundary (EB) support in pyAMReX is still minimal. To build pyAMReX with
```

We only need more EB bindings if we build and allocate EBs from pyAMReX. If we just interact with EB-enabled simulations, we are already quite good (e.g., `iMultiFab` et al. is what we need for WarpX with EB).

Reviewer: Updated

EB support, you need to add ``-DAMReX_EB=ON`` to CMake build options.

.. autofunction:: amrex.space3d.EB2_Build

.. autoclass:: amrex.space3d.EBFArrayBoxFactory

>    :members:

Reviewer: Hm, gotta build locally but something broke the autodocs for all types
https://pyamrex.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/api.html

Reviewer: I built locally and the issue is https://github.com/sizmailov/pybind11-stubgen/pull/275

`EBFArrayBoxFactory` depends on `FabFactory_FArrayBox` but pybind11-stubgen does falsly an alphabetical sorting. Hoping this PR gets accepted and unbreaks it, otherwise we need to fork pybind11-stubgen.

Reviewer: #509
